Add `ReadonlyDeep` type (#34)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`Merge`](source/merge.d.ts) - Merge two types into a new type. Keys of the second type overrides keys of the first type.
- [`MergeExclusive`](source/merge-exclusive.d.ts) - Create a type that has mutually exclusive properties.
- [`RequireAtLeastOne`](source/require-at-least-one.d.ts) - Create a type that requires at least one of the given properties.

> - [`ReadonlyDeep`](source/readonly-deep.d.ts) - Make a nested `object`/`Map`/`Set`/`Array` deeply immutable.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like it modifies the existing type. I assume it doesn't do that?

Instead, maybe it should read like this:

```suggestion
- [`ReadonlyDeep`](source/readonly-deep.d.ts) - Create a deeply immutable version of a `object`/`Map`/`Set`/`Array` type.
```

?
